No touching, no...
...or anything else.
Ji Lingli, you tell me.
This...what are you to me?
What am I to you?
I don't want to be your woman.
Let me go, okay?
Ji Lingli,
you haven't seen me angry yet.
You're challenging my limits.
I haven't seen her use so much
violence and terror before.
Does that not count as
anger to her?
Then how terrifying is her
true anger?
Are you afraid of my anger, of me getting mad?
If you are, come and ask me.
I won't be angry.
I really want to hold her down in the bathtub.
violently remove her clothes.
I'll get someone to give you a bath.
I'm afraid she saw the girl was still alive.
Can I have my
phone back?
I found it in the room just now,
it must have been hidden by her.
What do you want your phone for?